<div class="metadata data">2021-12-19</div>
<div class="metadata author">ungder@pm.me</div>
# magic the gathering

if youre not interested in magic feel free to skip, im not going to slip in any interesting details.

I've been taking some off from magic, mostly after getting bummed out by my pet deck being blown out of modern. Dredge has struggledafter faithless looting has been banened, so it's current state isnt suprising. I was just getting blown in the face of hyper efficient graveyard hate and how I feel on that is really complicated. 

My first intuitive feeling is that it's sad that dredge is being beaten out while probably one of the best decks is still collosus hammer. Not that hammer time should be banned out, it's just to say that maybe the reticle on graveyard strategies doesn't feel coherent. The big thing right now is [sanctifier en-vec](https://scryfall.com/card/mh2/27/sanctifier-en-vec), when ever my opponent drops it I have to concede. It nullifies all my interaction: bolts, pushes, everything. I dont have any green creatures that can deal damage. I'm simply not a good enough player to know why I see this card everytime im in every round past the first but it has pushed me out of dredge.

Enough about dredge, the main reason im writing this article is becuase of my new pet deck ive been brewing for a while. The older players may be familiar with this deck if youre really old in standard or more commonly in legacy for a short amount of time. It's [Seismic Assault](https://scryfall.com/card/uma/146/seismic-assault)! I started off just ripping other people's list through time, and stumbled on a late list by [elpokitolama](https://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/wrennsixual-assault/) that was very well established. A clean green red shell that was very optimized. Seismic Assault I feel is just what I need in this very heavy walker and creature meta. The satisfaction of picking off all the tiny mana efficient creatures fills me with un ending glee.

I've been experimenting with splashing blue, and that's where I feel this deck's strengths really come out. The deck has always been very controlly but I don't think has really embrassed it, very briefly it was a [blue red combo deck](https://www.mtggoldfish.com/articles/budget-magic-77-46-tix-42-land-swan-hunt-modern). But it has pretty conistantly been a control shell. Originally to embrass that I ran a suite of control options in green like Veil of Summer and guttural response to protect my key pieces. But they fell short, and the other short coming of the deck was card advantage. While arguably the greatest strength is that the deck can just loam each turn for 6 damage, it's a pretty weak gameplan because once you commit to it you won't be drawing anymore cards shorts of cycle lands and pain lands. So I'm splashing blue for hard counterspell and expressive iteration. Expressive iteration is such a crazy card period but goes bonkers in this deck. I'm also inheriting from Seismic Assault's brief time as a combo deck: trade routes, an enchantment for 1U that lets pick up lands and cycle them for a colorless. I'm not commited to trade routes, but has come in useful specifcally against control: though I don't think this card has a place in the sideboard. The last blue care I've experimented with is fire//ice a split card that gives a lot flexibility. I'm really scared to take out lightning bolts in favor of it, but it really does take up the same space as bolt. 2 damage divided vs to any target is a hard evaluation to make especially in this very volatile meta.

My decklist can be found [here](https://deckstats.net/decks/142704/2360974-urg-loamcontrol). I don't have a lot more to say other than urza's saga is a good card. I will probably be writing a better post once I have enough experiance to write a fleshed out primer for it.
