<div class="metadata date">2021-12-18</div>
<div class="metadata author">ungder@pm.me</div>

# today is cute
read a cute [NPR article](https://www.npr.org/2021/12/09/1062791738/americans-dont-feel-direct-payments-or-child-tax-credits-helped-them-new-poll-fi)

and it really challenged something in my world view. I was under the impression that people really liked the child tax credit, a pseudo UBI, though lapsed so maybe it was for not anyways. But like most things in life its more complicated.

I'll leave the sociologist to put together a narrative as to why people would be not warm to the CTC, but the more interesting thing to me after reading actually is democratic unity. I think a lot of messaging is about how polarised the US is and that's framed through a Democrat/Republican lense, but actually the Democratic party really is a stop gap here interms of getting things through. It's really pathetic that "my party" whatever that means is being held hostage by certain seats.

While ofcourse theres the conservative seats that we can't lose to republicans, i feel like a lot of this tug of war is with hyper proggressive not being able to settle. It's the worst part of politics is settling for the worse bill, but it's that or no bill.

Maybe analagous is "harm reduction" which a really weird framing that people latched onto. It really just is a comparitive statement. I feel like that's something humans are really good at, so it seems confusing to my soul that people seem to complicate those comparitve statements so much.
