<div class="metadata data">2022-03-31</div>
<div class="metadata author">ungder@pm.me</div>
# deathnote makes me feel weird
i recently watched through deathnote. growing up as anime fan, i was expected to had watched many shows to fit in; one of those being death note. it has quite the reputation to fill from the numerous whispers i heard from my animation peers. though interestingly death note as of the last 5-6 years has filled the role of "edgy athiest" core. such as many idols their luster tarnishes with the tides of public opinion. but i am known to immerse myself in esoteric psuedo logic.

that ground being layed before you, i must now express my sadness to tell you that the message i bear is one of resentment and obsession. i finished the show the 23rd (8 days ago from writing) and have been thinking about it nonstop. 

i think i will start my breath with the song of death note's victories. i like L as an insect person, a person who inhabits the world and lives with confidence, a stranger but isnt obsessed with their insectness. i love when light's convuluted plans come to fruitions. when light kills the ex fbi agent and is fighting to get her real name i had a lovely grin on my face. i think the best part of the show by far is the music, but sadly i do not have anything interesting to say about it besides the fact of me loving it. i listen to the ost reguarly and has made it into my flac collection. i enjoy the shifting colors, specifically when we show any characters that aren't L and light. im in love with ryuuk.

though my breath draws thin with compliments. the show is really frustrating, because it really plays fast in loose with the expectations i need to have to watch the show. often the show likes to present scenarios where light and L are both weirdspirits who have hyper selfish intentions, but also sometimes a character will do something wild and fiendish (obviously within the context of the narrative) so the writer will have to catch the other up and make them uncharacteristicly do something cruel or strange. at no point did i really have a strong grasp of what a character would do in any given situation and it seems like im expected in a game of deduction that the actors acting rationally is necessary. i think a lot of time light is supposed to be full of himself and presented like a bit of a loser: he can only even kill L by begging a shinigami to do it for him. but in the same breath the show demands of me to respect that light some how convinced rem the shinigami to kill themselves for him.

i have a lot more thoughts that i will contenue in my next post. check tommorow :P !
