<div class="metadata data">2021-12-19</div>
<div class="metadata author">ungder@pm.me</div>
# july2022 update
woah, ive been inactive. silly of me after promising another death note post. i'll get back to that later. life has been a tailspin as like many youth my age. im going back to college this fall and will be moving at the end of the year.  
but that junk aside whats been up man? haven't seen you in a while.  
me? im good, just working on some projects. I can show you some stuff. infact ill show you a big post on 8/29.  
in the meantime check out my [haikus](../junk/haiku.html) man, theyre so cool (vapid).  

interms of my tech stuff, i was on arch for quite a while but im back home on fedora and debian on my laptop.  
trying some new stuff out aswell, running gnome wayland and im writing this on what i regret to inform you is the piece of terrorist software known as "E-Macs".  
heard some hackers use this? seems a little bloated, it has its own steam inside of it. I'll stick to my own unix philosophy software (said while using gnome), good ol--vim.  
but for a project i have in the works im using a lot of markdown where i kind of need to navigate visually aswell as take screenshots to collaborate, so the vim syntax wasnt cutting it. i was using codium(fork of vscode) which has a v cute vim mode but has a very good and easy to use markdown preview.  
i moved too emacs because i just dont like that codium is all js'ed up on a thurdsay afternoon. i think it runs on electron. but if it isn't it wouldn't change how i feel, which i think is true for many of us. electron is a bit of a scapegoat for our collective hate of obnoxious ui thats become standard in our age. while im not saying electron is good my point is only that electron is a symptom not the root problem.  

before i leave, a quick list of things to come out next.  
- jepy (my color scheme and files for its implementation in some software)  
- my os list thing (just an install file for debian, fedora, and arch of my desktop setup)  
- i have a project coming out on my birthday 8/29  
- jinzo judge, a program for deck checking and making image previews.  

anyways thats all for me, lov ya!
<3
